feature/#283 - update doc for canceling completed job (#192)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/manuals/core/entities/scheduling-and-job-execution.md

Jobs are created when a task is submitted.

> - You can cancel a submitted job, a pending job or a blocked job with `taipy.cancel_job(job)^`. When canceling a job, you will set the `Status^` of subsequent jobs of the canceled job to `ABANDONED`. However, a job cannot be canceled if it has already been run, completed, skipped, abandoned, or canceled or if the job has already failed. When canceling a running job, a completed job or a skipped job, its subsequent jobs will be abandoned while the job status will remain unchanged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can cancel a submitted job, a pending job or a blocked job with `taipy.cancel_job(job)^`. When cancelling a job, you will set the `Status^` of subsequent jobs of the cancelled job to `ABANDONED`. However, a job cannot be cancelled if it has already been run, completed, skipped, abandoned, or cancelled or if the job has already failed. When cancelling a running job, a completed job or a skipped job, its subsequent jobs will be abandoned while the job status will remain unchanged.
```

Author: @florian-vuillemot to quote from Jean-robin "Cancelling is British English while Canceling is more international English. We tend to use International English." :D
